Fix KubeVirt links (#1345)
kubermatic/docs: content/kubermatic/main/architecture/supported-providers/kubevirt/kubevirt.en.md

* 4GB of RAM
* 30GB of storage.

> The cluster version must be in the scope of [supported KKP Kubernetes clusters](https://docs.kubermatic.com/kubermatic/main/tutorials-howtos/operating-system-manager/compatibility/#kubernetes-versions)

Reviewer: Same here (I didn't notice this earlier). We don't want to link to a full URL when we can use references instead.

Author: fixed

  * Check [Network Policy documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/network-policies/#networkpolicy-resource) to see available options in the spec.
  * Also check a [common services connectivity issue](#i-created-a-load-balancer-service-on-a-user-cluster-but-services-outside-cannot-reach-it) that can be solved by a custom network policy.
* `dnsConfig` and `dnsPolicy` - DNS config and policy which are set up on a guest. Defaults to `ClusterFirst`.
  * You should set those fields when you suffer from DNS loop or collision issue. [Refer to this section for more details.](#i-discovered-a-dns-collision-on-my-cluster-why-does-it-happen) 
* `images` - Images for Virtual Machines that are selectable from KKP dashboard.

>   * Set this field according to [supported operating systems](https://docs.kubermatic.com/kubermatic/main/architecture/compatibility/os-support-matrix/) to make sure that users can select operating systems for their VMs.  

Author: fixed

* `infraStorageClasses` - Storage classes that are initialized on user clusters that end users can work with.
  * Pass names of KubeVirt storage classes that can be used from user clusters.

> Refer to this [document](https://github.com/kubermatic/kubermatic/blob/main/docs/zz_generated.seed.ce.yaml#L115)

Reviewer: The generated `Seed` is also available here: https://docs.kubermatic.com/kubermatic/main/tutorials-howtos/project-and-cluster-management/seed-cluster/. Should maybe link to that page instead of GitHub?

Author: Yeah probably, although to be honest i hate that page as you cannot point to the specific part, you just have a big pile of yaml.

Author: done

Reviewer: You could also link to the CRD docs though. that would allow you to at least link to the specific sub-type.

### I created a load balancer service on a user cluster but services outside cannot reach it.

In most cases it is due to `cluster-isolation` network policy that is deployed as default on each user cluster.  

> It only allows in-cluster communication. You should adjust network rules to your needs by adding [customNetworkPolicies configuration](https://docs.kubermatic.com/kubermatic/main/tutorials-howtos/project-and-cluster-management/seed-cluster/).

Reviewer: Nit: should be

```suggestion
It only allows in-cluster communication. You should adjust network rules to your needs by adding [customNetworkPolicies configuration]({{< ref "../../../tutorials-howtos/project-and-cluster-management/seed-cluster/" >}})).
```

Author: fixed

Currently, the KubeVirt CSI driver does not support volumes with block mode therefore you should avoid using this option to mount a PVC to a user cluster.

> ### Topology constrainted storage

Reviewer: One last thing: should probably be

```suggestion
### Topology constrained storage
```

Author: good catch :)
